High in this video we are going to talk about the parent teacher as of a detached Malte scale function
or method.
So far we have seen the default configuration where we have we we just have to specify the image itself.
The gray image become battey the color image to Viji are gray and we made our algorithm on the greyscale
image so we can satisfy the scale factor the neighbor as the minimum size and whatsoever.
I just use this configuration.
And first of all I'm going to run it on the standard image that was working fine to be the default parameters
as well as you can see it's working fine again.
But let's see for example I would like to run my algorithm on the first image.
There are some mismatch if you may recall with the default perimeters OK and there is no mismatch anymore
although as you can see there is again and undetected face so this algorithm is not always working fine
but for most of the cases they really should to in the scale paramita so far again and again we should
make a cross-validation like algorithm which means that we tune every perimeter and we come to the conclusion
that OK this is the Bassat of parameters and that is Billis solution of let's say for example I would
like to use on the image Swee if I want it it's quite a complex image with lots of lots of faces
as you see there's a lot of lots of mismatches right now.
So maybe I should tune it
if I set it for example to taen the minimum neighbors and I set a scale factor for example 1 that two
as you can see that now it is a bit better.
There is no mismatches at all although there are three phases that hasn't been detected.
So let's see I'm going to set it back.
For example 0 1 dart 0 1.
It's going to be very slow but only after a hand it will be able to detect more faces.
And let's see.
OK there are lots of lots of mismatches again.
So maybe I set it back to one that won that was OK.
But we have managed to detect these faces.
This is very hard to detect.
And as you can see this is quite a fine paramita sat.
So whenever a scale factor is one that won the mean neighbor is tan and I'm inside is served by 30 then
we are able to detect most of the faces without any mismatch.
Of course we have one single undetected phase but it's very very hard to detect.
So our or our fate it actually really is white working fine.
We just have to find the tune paramita for it.
So that's all about these tuning parameters.
Thanks for watching.